Update jdbc.md (#76784)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/interfaces/jdbc.md

# JDBC Driver

> Use the [official JDBC driver](https://github.com/ClickHouse/clickhouse-jdbc) (and Java client) to access ClickHouse from your Java applications.

Reviewer: If it's the only recommendation, I'm wondering if we should remove the page and set a URL redirect to https://clickhouse.com/docs/integrations/java/jdbc-v2

Author: you'll have to teach me that trick 😅

Reviewer: > you'll have to teach me that trick 😅

I *think* it should be done here https://github.com/ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs/blob/main/vercel.json#L456-L458

> Use the [official JDBC driver](https://github.com/ClickHouse/clickhouse-jdbc) (and Java client) to access ClickHouse from your Java applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [official JDBC driver](/docs/integrations/java/jdbc-v2) (and Java client) to access ClickHouse from your Java applications.
```

# JDBC Driver

> Use the [official JDBC driver](/docs/integrations/java/jdbc-v2) (and Java client) to access ClickHouse from your Java applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the [official JDBC driver](/docs/integrations/language-clients/java/jdbc) (and Java client) to access ClickHouse from your Java applications.
```
